I
hi I'm Christian man even fitness
Atlantic 2009 musclemania would paint
would work hi miss bikini shore what do
you got like nine inch heels I'm like
this is not short so you're justjust
bikini chart yeah no other don't cross
over for you how long do they compete
for one full year this is my second show
second show when was the first one last
May last May okay so why nothing in
between what's your strategy um last
year was my first show I didn't really
know if I even wanted to compete and
then after this year working with Cathy
savage fitness I decided to or yeah take
it to the next level and just really
what is the next level everyone wants to
know um really just dedicate to yourself
yeah keep your promises yeah health
fitness is that your industry stage you
know I'm you and am your cage it's like
antsy to a nice no I just really would
like to continue doing this okay a lot
on and on yeah what do you think
beginners should know come again cuz you
just had like a little transformation um
of attitude practice practice practice
makes perfect and nutrition is a huge
thing just like its most people say diet
yeah but you do said nutrition nutrition
diet it's I mean it's a lifestyle yeah
right but you know what I'm saying that
you actually it's fashion night just the
stoppie exactly a lot exactly so we have
let it growing up or is this your only I
have always been very athletic growing I
played sports I played softball soccer
field hockey which is compared to the
game day pressure of those sports and
the game day pressure here what's more
oh my god
look at me one of the others doesn't
have to be this um it's probably run the
same feeling really yeah I'm like oh my
god I can do it yeah getting out there
starting the game getting out there and
you're being introduced on stage it's
the same what's your favorite part of
the whole of all of this the girls doing
it together we're all the teamwork yeah
the come Rani out of it it's just
impeccable how close we all gasp she has
good words she's an impeccable sage so
and it is it this is the biggest spot
does you've done to so far yes yep I
plan on doing universe she's debris well
how could be yeah so an N are you
getting that's jun 18 see you're there
Kate would with are you hopeful are you
yeah compared to what you'd normally you
know take your walk and you're standing
you're posing on it but you normally do
it what you do up there scale of one to
ten the cake would work pinnacle what
was that that you did today probably
about a seven and a half eight you know
really so you're gonna get there huh
yeah give yourself that challenge yeah
of course there's always room for
improvement yes there's Ellie's remember
have you been listening to my interviews
that's so true ya ready bloom is five
everyone's favorite game okay ready it's
very shy don't want you to name a movie
okay a title of a movie that describes
these five things very simple as high
movies where the movie theater okay very
easy okay first off you're busy
what movie maybe a romantic comedy Bruce
Almighty we'll take it first off I
number to the class you competed in a
movie that was described that the class
you competed in you know the short class
oh sure our class fried green tomatoes
sure okay I'm afraid okay you're a
trainer or coach my chain your mentor a
movie that describes her movie bet
describes me or her know your friend
Rudy Rudy oh I like that we're going to
take that one the guy hosting Brian yeah
no I'm not okay well he got him he's
never gonna Brian kiddo okay give me a
movie that describes a movie that
describes him pee-wee's big adventure I
don't really know him that well okay so
who's that girl no you know what the
final want to be the host which you pass
so we're gonna skip that one so we're
getting four out of five which is good
all right over for improvement yeah Kate
woodworth pick off bikini short you got
the best smile people get a smile all
day i love i love s'okay when we're
competing here jun 18 and doing a good
job here and i wish you luck thank you
very much as christian may do thank you
but fitness atlantic your thousand I
thanks